They are no part of the world.
John 17, 16.
We must remain neutral in order to be low subjects of God's Kingdom.
Otherwise, how could we have a clean conscience when we preach the good news?
The only God's Kingdom can solve mankind's problems?
A Satan's system, near its end,
we can expect the issue of neutrality to become more prominent.
You feel world-government should implement.
Remember, it's young people like you, each of you,
who must say catch and to solve the problems that threaten our planet.
When war comes, they'll look for you and me to do the fighting.
Will you speak up until them? No, we won't.
A special for your generation.
I mean, who do you think it's going to win?
Well, we believe that...
That's actually a very interesting question.
And as Jehovah's Witnesses, we believe that it's God's Kingdom
that's going to bring about all the solutions that we need for all of our problems, for example.
That's 750 please.
Thank you.
But you know, there's no government's policy.
I really think it's going to work.
It's crazy.
With their policies, we'll be bankrupt within three years.
But if it works, it's going to make people rich.
Those are a ritual ready.
No, I'm fed up. They say the same thing.
We've invited a panel of experts to explore these issues.
Namely, can the opposition party win?
Will they keep their promises to lower income people?
And what changes could we expect on required military service?
You'll want to hear the answers.
Let's begin by speaking to John McCarthy, Minister of Education.
If put to the test, I do want to take my stand for Jehovah.
But the outcome of all these things can affect me now.
My family, my goals.
How can I stay neutral?
Even in my heart.
John 17.
Verse 14.
I have given your word to them.
But the world has hated them.
Because they are no part of the world.
Just as I am no part of the world.
I do not request that you take them out of the world.
But that you watch over them because of the wicked one.
They are no part of the world.
Just as I am no part of the world.
Sanctify them by means of the truth.
Your word is truth.
Just as you sent me into the world.
I also sent them into the world.
And I am sanctifying myself in their behalf.
So that they also may be sanctified by means of truth.
No part of the world.
Like Jesus.
Both in thought and action.
Sure, but in our lifetime.
Yes, and I have found something that has helped me to be sure of this.
Can I share it with you?
It's here in Matthew 24, 33.
Jesus said, likewise, also you.
When you see all these things, know that he is near.